So! It looks like Johnson is finally here too. Welcome Mister Johnson! 
But now that we are all present, we can finally start the meeting.
As you should all know by now, the new quarterly figures look very bleak.
We made twentyfive percent less sales compared to the previous year, even though we laid off
about fifty percent of the workforce to improve production efficiency.
The management assumes that the lack of sales is due to the fact that the remaining workforce is not able to compensate for the loss of the dismissed employees.
Therefore, the goal of this meeting is for us to think about a strategy to get the workforce to finally perform better. To this end, I have drawn up a three-point plan.
Point A. Motivation through frustration.
This is an old motto that I have taken to heart during my time in the army.
The idea is to frustrate the employees to such an extent that they develop a "now more than ever" mentality and are motivated to work harder on themselves and their projects. 
For this purpose the management decided to change our code base from "Python" to the programming language "Brainfuck". 
"Brainfuck" is characterized by the fact that though it is Turing Complete, it is very difficult to read. 
We assume that it leads to maximum frustration to develop more complex programs in "Brainfuck", which accordingly leads to maximum motivation.
Point B. Reward system.
Management is aware that intrinsic motivation alone is not always enough to push employees to their limits.
Therefore, the idea was expressed to additionally motivate the employees extrinsically. 
It would be an option to increase the salary of the remaining employees, but this would possibly jeopardize our set savings targets.
Therefore we decided to introduce a points system. The points are called pointies and are awarded in case of beneficial behaviour. 
Examples of beneficial behavior include working overtime, skipping lunch breaks, answering emails in your free time, and so on.
Employees can then exchange the pointies they have earned for bonuses, such as attractive mugs bearing the company logo.
Point C. The right music during programming.
Like the artists of the Renaissance, in this company we try to orientate ourselves towards the ancient world.
An example of the efficiency of this period were the old galleys. In these galleys the rowers were motivated to drive the ship by rhythmic drumming.
The idea is to use this method to push our employees forward. For this purpose, we would hire drummers who would set a beat in which our programmers could then write their code.
The speed of the beat can of course be adapted to the needs of the company!


